[docs-only] first iteration for ocis simple guide (#3918)
owncloud/ocis: docs/ocis/guides/_index.md

---
title: "Guides"
date: 2020-10-01T20:35:00+01:00
weight: 8
geekdocRepo: https://github.com/owncloud/ocis
geekdocEditPath: edit/master/docs/ocis/guides
geekdocFilePath: _index.md
geekdocCollapseSection: true
---

{{< toc >}}

## Step-by-step Guides

These guides should extend the generic documentation and help admins to learn Infinite Scale through digestable "hands-on" sessions.

### Available Guides

oCIS deployments are super simple, yet there are many configurations possible for advanced setups.

> - {{< icon "docker" >}} [Discover oCIS with Docker]({{< ref "ocis-remote-docker" >}}) - configure domain, certificates and port

Reviewer: hm, the file is called ocis-remote-docker, but actually describes a containerized localhost deployment ...

The only mention of domain in the actual guide is in the docker-compose docs
```suggestion
- {{< icon "docker" >}} [Discover oCIS with Docker]({{< ref "ocis-local-docker" >}}) - localhost deployment with secret initialization and persistence of config and data
```
